#summary This page is a description of the classes and skills in ETB.
#labels Featured,ClassSkills

= Class Skill List =
||Class	||Skill 1||Skill 2||	Skill 3||
||*Priest*	||Punch	||Heal	||Holy Bolt||	
||*Woodsman*	||Shoot	||Hide	||Fire Arrow||
||*Gravedigger*	||Kick	||Bone Shield	||Leech||	
||*Mageling*	||Punch	||Magic Shield	||Fireball||
||*Hermit*	||Hit	||Counter	||Clumsiness||	
||*Elementalist*	||Strike	||Fire Shield	||Immolate||	
||*Headhunter*	||Stab	||Wound	||Stun	||
||*Plainsman*	||Slice	||Fury	||Sacrifice	||
||*Pickpocket*	||Punch	||Trip	||Backstab||	
||*Page*||	Strike	||Block	||Stun	||
||*Scout*	||Slice	||Double Slice	||Triple Slice	||
||*Runescribe*	||Kick	||Runestrike	||Whisper||	
||*Monk*||	Punch	||Kick	||Stun	||
||*Minstrel*	||Stab	||Empower	||Silence||	

==Skill	Description==
  * *Punch:* Basic Attack +1 damage, _5 WP_
  * *Kick:* Basic Attack +1 damage, _5 WP_
  * *Hit:* Basic Attack +1 damage, _5 WP_
  * *Strike:* Basic Attack +1 damage, _5 WP_
  * *Slice:* Basic Attack +1 damage, _5 WP_
  * *Stab:* Basic Attack +1 damage, _5 WP_
  * *Shoot:* Basic Attack +1 damage, _5 WP_
  * *Heal:* 5 Turn cooldown, _20 WP_ Cost, 20 of the health healed.
  * *Hide:* Enemies can't see player and don't attack him for 6 Turns or until he moves. 6 Turn cooldown. Costs _10 WP._
  * *Bone Shield:* Protects from all damage for 5 rounds. 10 round cooldown. Costs _30 WP._
  * *Magic Shield:* Reduces 1 damage from all attacks for 5 rounds 10 round cooldown. Costs _30 WP._
  * *Counter:* Counters all attacks for 3 rounds that the player receives. Costs _25 WP._ 5 round cooldown.
  * *Fire Shield:* Enemies take 1 damage when attacking player for 5 rounds. Has a 10 round cooldown. Skill	costs _35 WP._
  * *Wound:* Attack Enemy causing 5 extra damage. Costs _20 WP._ 5 round cooldown.
  * *Fury:* Increases damage in all attacks by 1 for 5 rounds. Costs _20 WP._ 5 round cooldown.
  * *Trip:* Target can't attack for 2 rounds. Costs _30 WP._  2 round cooldown.
  * *Block:* Reduces all damage for 2 rounds by 2. Costs _15 WP._ 2 round cooldown.
  * *Double Slice:* Attack the target twice in 1 round. Costs _15 WP._ 2 round cooldown.
  * *Runestrike:* Attack the target normally and prevent them from attacking for 1 round. Costs _30 WP,_ 3 round cooldown.
  * *Empower:* Convert _30 HP_ into _30 WP_ and attack the target normally with a basic attack.
  * *Holy Bolt:* Strike target for 10 damage in addition to regular attack. Costs _40 WP._ 4 round cooldown.
  * *Fire Arrow:* Strike target for 3 damage in addition to regular attack. Costs _25 WP._ 3 round cooldown.
  * *Leech:* Attack's target with standard damage, player receives that same amount of health. Costs _15 WP._ Skill has a 3 round cooldown.
  * *Fireball:* Attacks target for 10 damage in addition to regular attack. Costs _40 WP._ 4 round cooldown.
  * *Clumsiness:* Target stumbles around and constantly misses player. Costs _20 WP._ 10 round cooldown.
  * *Immolate:* Target receives 3 damage every round until dead. Costs _20 WP._ 10 round cooldown.
  * *Stun:* Suns target for 3 rounds and costs _25 WP._ 5 round cooldown.
  * *Sacrifice:* Lose _10 HP_ and deal regular damage plus 10. 5 round cooldown.
  * *Backstab:* Attacks target for10 plus regular damage and costs _30 WP._ Has a 5 round cooldown.
  * *Triple Slice:* Attacks a target three times. Costs _30 WP._ Has a 4 round cooldown.
  * *Whisper:* Causes target to die immediately. Costs _50 WP._ Has a 10 round cooldown.
  * *Silence:* Causes all targets attacking Minstrel to miss for 5 rounds. Costs _50 WP._ Has a 10 round cooldown.